Batching multiple runs of the same Forest Vegetation Simulator (FVS)
using the same keyfile.

The file FVSrunN.bat is a batch file that can be run at 
the command line. It runs the FVS northeastern variant (FVSne from the FVS 
website under FVS Software/Geographic Variants Package) with parameters 
specified in the wildfire keyfile 100 times. This is usefulfor running a model 
with fixed parameters but variable impacts through randomization in the model. 
Examples would include insect outbreak models or wildfire models where the 
parameters in the model might stay the same but the results vary due to 
randomization in tree damage and mortality.

To use this file, place the bat file in a folder with a copy of your regional 
variant exe file. Change the FVSne command in the bat file to match the name of 
your regional variant exe without the exe extension. Change the "wildfire.key" 
found after --keywordfile= to the name of the key file (with .key extension) you 
want to run multiple times. Lastly, you can change the 100 value in the FOR loop to 
the number of times you want the model to repeat.

IN THE BAT FILE change <these values>:

FOR /L %%G IN (1,1,<number times to run>) DO (
    FVSne --keywordfile=<your keyfile.key>
)

Here is a more detailed explanation of the batch file code:

FOR /L %%G IN (1,1,100):

This line initiates a FOR loop in a batch file.
The /L flag specifies that we are iterating over a range of numbers.
%%G is the loop variable that will take on the values from the specified range.
(1,1,100) defines the range: it starts at 1, increments by 1, and ends at 100.
So, the loop will run 100 times, with %%G taking values from 1 to 100.

DO (:

This indicates the start of the loop body.
Everything between DO ( and the matching closing parenthesis ) will be executed 
for each iteration of the loop

FVSne --keywordfile=wildfire.key:
Inside the loop, this line runs the command FVSne with the argument 
--keywordfile=wildfire.key. The regional variant executable FVSne can be 
downloaded at the USDA Forest Service's website for the Forest Vegetation Simulator 
(FVS). This batch must be run in the same folder as the regional variant executable.
In this case FVSne.exe. The parameter --keywordfile=wildfire.key specifies that 
the exe file is to be executed running the wildfire.key key file which also must 
be located in the same folder as the regional variant exe file and this batch 
file. 